---
layout: post
title: Exaggerated Shoulders
description: 
image: assets/images/pic01.jpg
---

These designs not only amplify one’s volume, but demand attention. These clothes are not camouflage—they tell you that the wearer wants to be noticed, and they take guts to don. However, they draw attention in the exact opposite way that a slinky black dress would. They can still be sexy, but in a much less obvious way.

Pierpaolo Paccoli of Valentino was one of the first to spark the trend of the larger than life gown, most notably in his Fall 2018 Couture show. Vogue.com described these clothes as something made for women "to dress beautifully and courageously." The size of these gowns is reminiscent of the super-voluminous gowns of prior centuries, which were often bogged down with corsets and hoop skirts. However, today’s version is one of comfort, not constriction. Think babydoll silhouettes like those of Molly Goddard and Danish designer Cecilie Bahnsen. In an interview that Molly Goddard did with The Cut, she details how her dresses “take up space—but it’s a comfortable space to take up.” Goddard is known for her layered tulle dresses that are often so large that they barely squeeze down a runway—show goers often note feeling the dresses brush their legs as the models walk by. TV show Killing Eve’s Villanelle, who plays a deranged, multifaceted serial killer—a part typically reserved for men—iconically wore one of Godard’s frothy fuchsia confections in season one. The loud, in-your-face dress mirrored her eccentric, undefinable personality. Eighties fashion, a decade that first saw women entering the workplace in substantial numbers, was a dominant trend of the fall/winter ’20 season. With that comes—yes, you guessed it—shoulder pads. We saw these exaggerated shoulder silhouettes at Saint Laurent, CHANEL, and Isabel Marant this season.
